add Woodpecker (#1880)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: CHANGELOG.md

  **For upgrading:** the easiest way to fix the build is to remove the offending `@ref` links. Alternatively, the `repo` argument to `makedocs` can be set to the appropriate `Remotes.Remote` object that implements the `Remotes.issueurl` function, which would make sure that correct URLs are generated.

* ![Enhancement][badge-enhancement] Woodpecker CI is now automatically supported for documentation deployment. ([#1880][github-1880])
* ![Bugfix][badge-bugfix] Documenter now generates the correct source URLs for docstrings from other packages when the `repo` argument to `makedocs` is set (note: the source links to such docstrings only work if the external package is cloned from GitHub and added as a dev-dependency). However, this change **breaks** the case where the `repo` argument is used to override the main package/repository URL, assuming the repository is cloned from GitHub. ([#1808][github-1808])

> * ![Bugfix][badge-bugfix] Documenter no longer uses the `TRAVIS_REPO_SLUG` environment variable to determine the Git remote of non-main repositories (when inferring it from the Git repository configuration has failed), which could previously lead to bad source links. ([#1881][github-1881])

Reviewer: Whoops, this was my bad.

```suggestion
* ![Bugfix][badge-bugfix] Documenter no longer uses the `TRAVIS_REPO_SLUG` environment variable to determine the Git remote of non-main repositories (when inferring it from the Git repository configuration has failed), which could previously lead to bad source links. ([#1881][github-1881])

```

* ![Bugfix][badge-bugfix] Documenter now generates the correct source URLs for docstrings from other packages when the `repo` argument to `makedocs` is set (note: the source links to such docstrings only work if the external package is cloned from GitHub and added as a dev-dependency). However, this change **breaks** the case where the `repo` argument is used to override the main package/repository URL, assuming the repository is cloned from GitHub. ([#1808][github-1808])

* ![Enhancement][badge-enhancement] Added Woodpecker CI as another CI solution for deploying docs. ([#1880][github-1880])

> 

Reviewer: I created some conflicts again by merging a few PRs. Could you also move this up the list a little, so that it would be the last of the enhancements?

> * ![Bugfix][badge-bugfix] Documenter now generates the correct source URLs for docstrings from other packages when the `repo` argument to `makedocs` is set (note: the source links to such docstrings only work if the external package is cloned from GitHub and added as a dev-dependency). However, this change **breaks** the case where the `repo` argument is used to override the main package/repository URL, assuming the repository is cloned from GitHub. ([#1808][github-1808])
> * ![Bugfix][badge-bugfix] Documenter no longer uses the `TRAVIS_REPO_SLUG` environment variable to determine the Git remote of non-main repositories (when inferring it from the Git repository configuration has failed), which could previously lead to bad source links. ([#1881][github-1881])
> 
> * ![Enhancement][badge-enhancement] Added Woodpecker CI as another CI solution for deploying docs. ([#1880][github-1880])
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ![Enhancement][badge-enhancement] Woodpecker CI is now automatically supported for documentation deployment. ([#1880][github-1880])
* ![Bugfix][badge-bugfix] Documenter now generates the correct source URLs for docstrings from other packages when the `repo` argument to `makedocs` is set (note: the source links to such docstrings only work if the external package is cloned from GitHub and added as a dev-dependency). However, this change **breaks** the case where the `repo` argument is used to override the main package/repository URL, assuming the repository is cloned from GitHub. ([#1808][github-1808])
* ![Bugfix][badge-bugfix] Documenter no longer uses the `TRAVIS_REPO_SLUG` environment variable to determine the Git remote of non-main repositories (when inferring it from the Git repository configuration has failed), which could previously lead to bad source links. ([#1881][github-1881])

```

The suggestion is messy, but it should just slightly rephrase the new entry and move it up a bit.
